great but you can do better.
you can enhanced ui, style, colors, icons, widgets etc...
give a better stlye.

then please add:
Add comprehensive reporting and analytics dashboard


and does it:
support multi-Language?

does it give me the chance to upload pictures in general? for example if i was in a restaurant that i liked then take a pic of that and add it. but those pics should be separate from the receipts images.


does it automatically fetch the address if i add the name and the city? it should fetch automatically using google.
and if find more then one place with same name in same city it should allow user to select the correct one.

does it have custom satisfactions badge?
it should give the possibility to select the satisfaction of that expense: maybe something like no, mid, ok, wonderfull...you know it, maybe imporoving with icons and colors as well.


does it give the possibility to user to customize layout?
maybe adding or removing widgets, move them, resize them, change colors etc...

we should even create a default layout, so user can Always back to custom layout


does the app have any kind of calculators?:
saving calculator, reetirement caluculatero, expense calculator and so on…


does it allow to add incoming as well?


i need the possibility to tell if an expence is a fix expences or not.
maybe 1st time we ad an expence the app should ask if fix or not, or even better it should have a toggler for select if fix expences or not. but only first time. then when i add that expence another time the app already knows that it is a fix or not expence
and we should create widget for fix not fix comparison chart and all other possible usefull charts regard fix/no fix.


we should add the possibility to select a custom data range as weel for when filtering/study the expences
we could have day, week, currentm month, last month, 3 months, last year, ytd and custom picker… you know what to do…


does it have a "Sheperd" that guide us to understand what app does and how to use it?